Dad, you sit first
Hey, hahaha, hey.
Xiaoxuan, go and have a look.
It has to be a family, okay?
Thanks to the military and civilians this time.
Go to the Chu family to apologize
Let our Ye family successfully avoid disaster, that's right?
Thanks to the little soldiers and civilians
Last night?
I've received calls from a dozen families
Not only has cooperation with our family resumed
And he also said to increase cooperation
Really?
Oh, that would be great.
I don't know what this person did to the Chu family now
Let the attitudes of the major families take a 180-degree turn
Grandma Xiao Junlin
He might go to the Chu family to kneel and kowtow
Beg for forgiveness
This is too embarrassing
What a shame!
If you lose their family, you will not lose our Ye family.
Ok stop talking
Xiao Junyun kneels or kowtows
That's all for the sacrifice our Ye family made
You guys, we have to be polite to people
To compensate him well
Okay, grandma got it.
Yu Fei's house has arrived, oops, hahaha.
Oops, come, come, come, come, sit, sit
Hahaha
go go
Mom
Our son-in-law has made such a great contribution to the Ye family
You still let me stand, you two get up
grandma
You've always been sitting next to our family
Okay, listen
Get to work
come
Come and sit
Ye Qingqing
Have you forgotten what you said before?
What did I say?
You said I only need to stop the establishment of the Mountain Alliance
You have to call me brother
Is it time to call someone now?